hi everyone today we get
found on the channel 2m ftv is for
a new video will introduce you to
our helmets and logo for those who
start
how to choose your gas well to
about the prices you want too
what are the brands down will take
what are the brands to take good
Well, we 'll start right away
well we will start with how he
must when to take his gas
I was told that he found that on the
France it hurt you comedians
a helmet that was not the case what
it rises there must be far away
Too tight it must be a helmet
it makes you happy that you
crush cheeks against teeth for
that he surrender that will lead you to the
head but after if it hurts you
front it is relatively ultra pleasant
to wear is more fun frankly
I would like some foams too
quality inside that's the
materials going on right now you're leaving
on a headset that will be above 100
euros or while it's noise or the
original price and 150 that it is in promo
at for example 80 where you like otherwise
you must never take a helmet and 40
foot 100 euros because it's me
departure and 200 euros it is very good
here but I advise against it because
after his disappointments the quality of
helmets and brands
if you take the red light is a
flaw is fine if the value
especially know games like that
the car to have marc quality between
helmets and the wind at the bottom of the range
that you have 30 euros saha is better
avoid it not protect well and especially do not
not buy a helmet opportunities
especially because unless claude
was going to use it 2.3 times
yeah but he did not have an accident
with me because in fact if the manna
accident polystyrene only inside
he is deformed
so if you also fall with
what we hope of course but after the
beautiful hysteria puts polystyrene to
inside and distorted so after that
serves you nothing at all protection
is going to be attractive towards the town hall
drop a helmet on the ground can you
to say that lille is dead it works for
the road helmets if it's a big one
scene six years ago and a big fall
iwuy name here mouth the ground by falling
in their backs all that while cross
it can still delirium for a long time
but his father avoid him breaks
the opportunity for nothing since it's
disgusting I was just trying to
you will have all the perspiration
perspiration dugers to sendai is
then well and the 15 here are the four
who have arrived because they are going to be
upstream sales that rots full of
things like that
polystyrene cutting and therefore this
it took a delegation of opportunity after noon
with shades and ken sylvette wind
it is he is he wants to change
of helmet he will distribute and their
caregivers there he knows that so bad
case
so here is after the cross goggles
frankly every two years april
is the same the same brand and the same
model 100% strata therefore has 100%
frankly if good glasses
if the high end is it slips
coach lescott
after what to have one to one
for faults
after helmet heroes what is it
could you advise we could
hot advise and if you have
the money for the m it's helmets that
are at 3,400 and pink can be worn
its 700 grams a leap of 15.7 to tip
lips too the heroes are
really good but laurent must know
that on the hérault hérault glasses me
I was talking about the helmet threshold not read
also 0.6 and 1.4
I only wanted that but need to know
if while on the hérault by
report at the end of the helmet that a little
sharp all to the eye all the net of apd
so for example that I do not think so
whether you can m or maybe finally
I do not know I think they are too much
that's good I 'm going to start
present a budget already the idea of ​​giving up
100% strata so the blue version that
120 years nice because it helps when
even of my tv roll off we can change
green as tinted windows and
it's crumbs they want when
same as 30 euros
so that's the average range up
close still a lot of range for
a really affordable price so I
can know how pretty it is with the little ones
small local finally the drawing tools and
the 100% moncassin want more 2 so blue
and white with lots of little things
who are who I like
firstly the bloody task for that gets
defends the same must what
two notches will never find cliffs that
come it benefits directly
Well, it's still stuff to pass a
little in every way it's a little
galley but it's good you're used
it's good so I break that get lost
nerves and I believe I have no less
of nineteen aeration yet the
inputs and outputs and the best of
weight is rather correct
the large enough visual of the shot I have not
leaves in the head which allows
to put back without tinted windows since
I pass the women and the mud his
interiors and super quality there are
markings far from everywhere know when
even that it is not far from 150
euros
I do for me at 100 euros and it takes
finally he has all it takes to be
a good big helmet is good
equipped well remotely your throne
would rather be nice the pre list is said
glover racing cbrc if it happens to me
shit need I change his demons from
gloves when it's getting a little old
are torn rich it's fallen with
on the road
you give in when you pay 15
euros on cdiscount
they are several colors I wanted
when it's because they are rather
do not go to them that's soon three
month that I have and they still hold
yet I'm doing that I'm going to I 'm doing
mountain bike with chedjou and they do not hold
Frank superbly well he does not know
too hot they are super nice to
wear they are rather resistant I
falls several times with and that's a
weekend after it's not gloves of
cros cros because gloves cros
is much lighter there is really
to describe on because one
cross all drivers by
principles that will need once
to belittle deluded luxury I am of a short you
see that the lightest even though even
that there is no protection protection
like entering the protected land 26.1
hide me the medium an agreement here by
report to choice that you can not be
cut by hand or game like that it's a
good if it rubs good girl poor girl
well here it is then in this case it takes
have gasoline coupons and even big
if on the competition in general no
but honestly even have it on
that I do people like that but I do not
will never be bancroft where it's all
it's just a little suspect redone
so that's great for xe have
still airy I advise seen
that they are rather spoiled but that will
never camps of a better brand
is more expensive